c:\users\костя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KURSACH\KURSACH\bin\Debug\KURSACH.exe.config
c:\users\костя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KURSACH\KURSACH\bin\Debug\KURSACH.exe
c:\users\костя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KURSACH\KURSACH\bin\Debug\KURSACH.pdb
c:\users\костя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KURSACH\KURSACH\obj\Debug\KURSACH.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\костя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KURSACH\KURSACH\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\костя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KURSACH\KURSACH\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\костя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KURSACH\KURSACH\obj\Debug\KURSACH_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\костя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KURSACH\KURSACH\obj\Debug\KURSACH_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\костя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KURSACH\KURSACH\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\костя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KURSACH\KURSACH\obj\Debug\KURSACH.g.resources
c:\users\костя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KURSACH\KURSACH\obj\Debug\KURSACH.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\костя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KURSACH\KURSACH\obj\Debug\KURSACH.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\костя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KURSACH\KURSACH\obj\Debug\KURSACH.exe
c:\users\костя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KURSACH\KURSACH\obj\Debug\KURSACH.pdb
c:\users\костя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KURSACH\KURSACH\obj\Debug\NewOne.g.cs
c:\users\костя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KURSACH\KURSACH\obj\Debug\RedaktOne.g.cs
c:\users\костя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KURSACH\KURSACH\obj\Debug\NewOne.baml
c:\users\костя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KURSACH\KURSACH\obj\Debug\RedaktOne.baml
C:\Users\Костя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KURSACH\KURSACH\obj\Debug\Fun.g.cs
C:\Users\Костя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KURSACH\KURSACH\obj\Debug\Fun.baml
C:\Users\Костя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KURSACH\KURSACH\obj\Debug\Map.g.cs
C:\Users\Костя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KURSACH\KURSACH\obj\Debug\Map.baml
